jeetu way let's freakin get it boys g2a
now has sponsored me I would say it's
kind of like a sponsorship plus
affiliate marketing kind of thing but
you guys are gonna want to do if you
guys are wanting to be partially
sponsored by g2a you guys Google ones
who click the link in my description it
will take you to at g2a it's a referral
link type thing so if you guys sign up
you guys will get some extra money to
buy some stuff and you guys will also be
able to get your own referral link so
once you guys get people to sign up
using your referral link you'll get more
money and you guys can get some cool
prizes so which is gonna be pretty
awesome so all you guys are gonna really
have to do is sign up that's all you
have to do sign up and if you want to
promote it all you guys do is like do
what I'm doing impose to make a video on
and do Instagram or anything like that
but the link will be in the description
to sign up you guys once you guys sign
up you guys will have the options it
will tell you exactly what you guys are
gonna want to do you can copy low
rolling post on Instagram everything you
guys could possibly want to do that's
all you're gonna really have to do is
pretty much just sign up and there's no
then they'll email you and everything
and everything will work out really
smoothly you don't you could have 100
subscribers and even small youtubers can
have it even big youtubers can have it
it's a really good company I would
definitely buy product from them I don't
have a coupon code yet I'll be planning
on getting one really soon but what is
at g2a that's worth getting referring
for well they sell really really cheap
games so say you are looking for grand
theft auto 5 or call of duty modern
warfare masters they're going for like
40 bucks 50 bucks 60 bucks well on here
you can probably buy them for about 20
bucks which is really cool you can buy
all games for a discount I think GTA is
like 15 to 18 dollars so you guys can
get really good discounts so the link
will be in the description if you guys
are interested in signing up I would
suggest that you guys do but other than
that guys thank you guys so much for
watching peace out
[Music]